Hello everyone, here we are to introduce myself
album index to rise like Christmas
we all know that at christmas
we Italians are good at filling the
table in manner
then passed and 15 the consequence of
leftovers that sometimes are everyday
later we wonder but this
we do in the novels and here we are more
hit some recipes let's start with
that of the panettone demonstrate the
missing ingredients we have 500 grams
of advanced bread cut cooper piffer
and try to do it like this then hover
we have rooms to soak panettone
if you want you can put the quantity to
your pleasure but you can also choose
not to put it to those who do not like it then
always with regard to the aggravation
of Christmas I have taken pains
advanced that I have advanced the
refrigerator if you want the goals
and not too tightly tied to slices
here we have in the butter to grease it
frank and almost to get we have ed
to vanillin 1 these divine nature
just 2 tablespoons of teleuropa e sugar
half a glass as you see
we all have simple ingredients to
find and also how you say enough
cheap because if it wouldn't make sense
recycle and then take this away
equipment of which
you must have that practically one
cake pan and possibly non-stick from
24 cm here it is the right one e
a basin
plastic ok we are going to start a
run on the plate we take some butter
we butter the peter well
in tunisia on fire
the wall would be better
ok made place instead of half
let's go get the ride
wrong previously however we have
place in the cake pan
they crush it for good
the list node
Hello
as we know we create
a month
now we take the 1
let's go to bathe
valid
as we have already said it is not
essential
if you don't have it at home
let's say the nib
after that we go to put the xa
overpower
here also the quantity you can decide
you I have made a real can put
two apples 2 for and from the other fruit
always the one
here's how it looks is not
now on our plate we go to
prepared by you but we never do why
with eye shadows and eggs in the containers of
plastic
add the sugar
add the gasoline
and finally the
let's start with the fruit to try to
mix all the ingredients without
form lumps
when to press liquid and not to stop
from once
pour the mixture is a cake with totti
then tackles to bake then now
let's take it in the oven at 200
degrees for about 20 minutes
they form a combed if you have a bottom
ventilated at home you can decrease the
time and even a little temperature
so we can go to 170 for 12 13
minutes ok
here we have baked
guilt this is what it will become
this connector we did the
form that I recommend you leave it
rest for at least 5 10 minutes then
these doses are cut into place
for about five six people once
cut if you put it on your plate like
I dusted myself with sugar
or if you have a mint leaf
a mind and serve again ends good
appetite to all